Link to article: https://www.cnn.co.jp/tech/35205625.html

June 23rd, 2023

Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg's showdown? The tale of the tape.


London (CNN), The biggest billionaires in the IT world, Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg are not content with just a business showdown. They have announced that they will settle their differences in a cage match surrounded by a chainlink fence.

Musk, who acts as chief executive officer of Twitter and Tesla tweeted that he has made preparations for a "cage fight" with Meta CEO, Zuckerberg. On the 21st, Mark screenshotted the tweet and uploaded a picture to Instagram, responding with the phrase "Send me the location".

Musk replied to the Tweet of a journalist from the IT news site, "The Verge" who introduced this exchange with a post stating "Vegas Octagon". In other words the destination for all UFC fights, The Octagon.

As a follow-up, Musk also tweeted "I have this amazing 'Walrus' technique. I just lie on top of my opponent and do nothing."

In regards to material from The Verge, Meta's PR team has commented "We are covering everything on the Instagram story".

Whether both Zuckerberg and Musk are serious about this or just joking is still up in the air.

In the event of a cage match, it is unpredictable who would win. Musk has the weight advantage, but more important than that is what Zuckerberg holds in his mastery of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. In a recent May tournament, he took home gold and silver medals.

The sports gambling site "Oddspedia" predicts that Zuckerberg has 5-1 odds of victory. 

On the other hand, bookmakers at Paddy Power are betting against the event taking place at all. But if it does Paddy Power predicts both sides have an equal shot at victory.


#Notes
In the title, I included the full names of Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg. It did the same for the first mention of both names, then only stated their last names in subsequent mentions.

氏 which can be translated to "Mr.", is omitted in the translation

Paragraph 3:
"総合格闘技" can be translated to mixed martial arts or MMA. However UFC events are always MMA bouts, so this would be redundant in English.

Paragraph 8:
The Japanese article states "83%の確率" or 83% percent chance.
In sports gambling, the odds system is commonly used in place of percentages. 
To calculate odds you take the original percentage and divide that percentage by x, where x = 1 - original percentage. This gives us .83/ (1-.83) ~ .83/.17 ~ 4.88 or 5 to 1 odds. To calculate the percentage from odds you divide the odds by y where y = 1 + original odds. Percentage = 5 / (5+1) ~ 5/6 ~ .83 or 83%.
